What is the UGC NET Exam?, UGC NET stands for University Grants Commission National Eligibility Test. It is a national level exam to determine eligibility for lectureship and Junior Research Fellowship (JRF) in universities or colleges across India., general
What are the benefits of qualifying UGC NET?, Become an Assistant Professor/ Lecturer in any of the UGC Approved Universities; Become a Research Fellow Project Assistant or Research Analyst in any of the prestigious organization universities or laboratories; Apply for highly reputed Public-Sector Organizations in India.; Become an Entrepreneur; Publish your research; Become an author or a NET faculty; Start teaching Undergraduate or Post Graduate students or educational professionals; Be a guest faculty in universities and institutes; Work as a lab assistant; Become a consultant or a counsellor etc., general
What is the syllabus for UGC NET?, NTA conducts UGC NET Exam in two Papers i.e. General Paper-1(common for all subjects) and Paper-2 (subject-specific). All Paper 2 subjects have different syllabus. You can check the complete UGC NET Syllabus., general
What is the cut off of the NTA UGC NET exam June 2020?, You can check the UGC NET Cut Off Marks blog for previous years cut off., general
What is the difference between NTA UGC NET and CSIR UGC NET?, The main difference in both exams is that CSIR NET is conducted for the science stream candidates in 5 subjects while the UGC NET Exam is conducted for non-science subjects such as arts commerce and other 82 subjects., general
What is the validity of the UGC NET JRF award letter?,  The validity period of the JRF award letter is three years w.e.f the date of issue., general
What is the salary of a UGC NET qualified person?, After qualifying the UGC NET Exam, the assistant professor gets a salary of around INR 30000-45000 per month while the candidates who applied for JRF get INR 25000 stipend., general
How many times can one attempt the NET exam?, There is no limit on the number of attempts for the profile of Assistant Professor. For JRF the maximum number of attempts is 3., general
Is the UGC NET exam difficult?,  The difficulty level of the UGC NET exam lies between moderate to high., general
Can I apply for multiple subjects in the UGC NET exam?, No you can apply only for one subject at a time in the UGC NET Exam., general
Candidate fills wrong information and apply for application., Changes not possible after final submission of application., general	
Can candidate apply again with different email id when her/his information wrong, Yes. But submit only one application form at examination centre., general
Problem in taking printout of Bank Challan, In Internet Explorer: Go to File > Page Setup;In the "Paper Options" section set Landscape.; In the "Header and Footers" section remove the text you do not wish to print.; In Mozilla Firefox: Go to File > Page Setup; On the "Format & Options" tab change Orientation as Landscape.; On the "Margins & Header/Footer" tab remove the text you do not wish to print.; In Google Chrome: Press Ctrl + P In the print preview screen change Layout as Landscape.; In the print preview screen un-check the box for "Header and Footers"., general
What is NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam?, The University Grants Commission (UGC) has entrusted the responsibility of conducting UGC-NET to the NTA. UGC-NET is a test being conducted to determine the eligibility for Assistant Professor only or Assistant Professor & Junior Research fellowship both in college and university., general
What is the responsibility of NTA for UGC NET 2021 Exam?, NTA has been established as a premier specialist autonomous and self-sustained testing organization to conduct entrance examination (UGC NET December 2020) for fellowship in college & University. UGC NET is a test being conducted to determine the eligibility for ‘Assistant Professor only’ OR ‘Assistant Professor & Junior Research Fellowship both’., general
Is Aadhaar mandatory for UGC NET 2021 Registration?, It may be noted that Aadhaar Card is not a mandatory document for UGC NET June 2020 registrations. Candidates can free to provide any other valid Government ID number such as passport number bank account number etc., general
What is the number of attempts for appearing in NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam?, The NTA holds the UGC NET Exam twice a year. The first exam - June 2020 was held in September to November 2020 and the second - December 2020 Exam will be held in May 2021 ., general
Can NTA fix the EXAMINATION CENTER in any city other than the options exercised by the candidates?, The candidates have to select any four cities of their choice for examination of UGC NET 2021 Paper. The efforts will be made to allot the city of examination to the candidates in order of the choice opted by them in their application form. However this is not a guarantee., general
What is the reservation criteria for seats falling under the jurisdiction of States?, It is as per State Reservation Policy., general
What do the candidates need to bring to the exam center?, The candidate is required to bring following at the examination centre (Also read the Information Bulletin carefully):- 1. Admit Card along with passport size photograph affixed on it. 2. One passport size photograph to be affixed on attendance sheet. Candidates are advised not to bring any other item at the examination centres. There will not be any arrangement for safe keeping of any material at the centre. Neither NTA nor centre will be responsible for any loss delay etc., general
Is there any helpline for NTA UGC NET 2021 examination for the aspirants?, Yes. Details are available on website- www.nta.ac.in. The Helpline No.- 8076535482 7703859909. E-mail: ugcnet-nta@nic.in Queries- net.nta@gmail.com., general
How long will the result/award of NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam be valid?,  For Junior Research Fellowship: The validity period of the offer is three years w.e.f the date of issue of JRF Award letter. However in case the candidate who has already joined M.Phil. /Ph.D. the date of commencement of Fellowship shall be from the date of declaration of NET result or date of their joining whichever is later, general
Will any candidate be able to leave early if he finishes the test before the allocated test time?,  No candidate will be allowed to leave the examination hall/room before the test concludes., general
What action is to be taken if the candidate has opted English as a medium for examination and wants to appear in Hindi medium?, The medium should be filled while applying online however in CBT. You can also choose the medium during the examination., general
Intimation of Cities of exam centres, Please keep visiting the NTA website for latest updates.,general
What is the syllabus?, For syllabus please refer to the Information Bulletin of UGC-NET (merged cycle) hosted on NTA website: ugcnet.nta.nic.in, general
Will there be negative marking for wrong answers?, No. There is no negative marking for wrong answers. Please refer to Information Bulletin hosted on the website ugcnet.nta.nic.in., general
I obtained my MA degree in Political Science. Can I appear for NET in Public Administration?I possess an M.Com degree. Can I Appear for NET in Management?, As per Notification for UGC-NET the candidates are advised to appear in the Subject of their post-graduation only. The candidates whose post-graduation subject is not included in the list of NET subjects May appear in a related subject. For latest and detailed eligibility conditions please Refer to the CBSE website i.e. www.cbsenet.nic.in ., general
In how many subject UGC-NET December 2021 & June (merged cycle) will be conducted, UGC-NET will be conducted in 82 subject. “Hindu Studies” (Subject Code – 102) has been added first time in the list of subjects., general
Are professional qualifications viz. Chartered Accountancy (CA) / Company Secretary / Indian Cost & Works Accountancy (ICWA) valid qualifications to appear in NET?, Yes., general
What is my rank on all India basis in UGC-NET?, Rank is not assigned in UGC-NET., general
What is the Criteria for declaration of result?, As per the UGC policy 6 % of those candidates who appear in both the papers and obtain minimum qualifying marks in aggregate of both the papers will be declared NET qualified. The slots of JRFs of both UGC-NET December 2021 & June 2022 cycles have been merged, while the methodology for Subject wise cum Category-wise allocation of JRFs will remain unchanged, general
What are the cities where the exam will be held?,  Please refer to the Information Bulletin hosted on the UGC-NET December 2021 & June 2022 (merged cycle) website: ugcnet.nta.nic.in, general
Is there any age restriction for applying for the JRF candidates and Assistant Professor?, JRF- Not more than 31 years as on 1st day of the month in which the examination is concluded i.e. 01.06.2022 (This age limit is applicable for the current examination only). There is no upper age limit in applying for UGC-NET for Assistant Professor., general
Can I withdraw my application form and get refund of the fee paid?, No. You can neither withdraw your application nor get refund of the application fee paid., general
I have made double/excess payment of fee. When do I get refund?, Extra payment if any made by you will be refunded to you soon after the closure of the correction window after fee reconciliation. In case you do not receive the refund as stated above you may write to us at ugcnet.nta.nic.instating your application number name transaction reference number date of the transaction name of the bank/payment gateway through which payment was made., general
If I do not get my Admit Card whom should I contact?, Send an email to ugcnet@nta.ac.in or call NTA Help Desk at 011- 40759000., general
Where can I get the details of the exam centre?, Please check your admit card for the same., general
Can I change my exam city after receiving admit card?, No you will not be allowed to change your exam city once admit card has been issued., general
What is the reporting time at the exam centre?, Reporting time will be mentioned in the Admit Card., general
What are the items which are permitted inside the test hall?, Please refer to the Instructions Page attached with the Admit Card., general
Am I required to carry a photograph to affix on the attendance register?, Yes., general
Whom can I contact in case my admit card has some issue or I am not able to download my admit card?, Send an email to ugcnet@nta.ac.in or call NTA Help Desk at 01140759000., general
Can I leave the test hall if I complete the test before time?, No. You cannot leave the test hall until the test concludes and the invigilator allows you to go., general
Whom should I contact in case of any need?, You can write to us at ugcnet@nta.ac.in or call NTA Help Desk at: 011-4075 9000. Candidates are advised to be in touch with the NTA website: ugcnet.nta.nic.in for latest updates., general
UMANG and Digi Locker, NTA is facilitating all candidates with an additional platform of UMANGand Digi Locker to download their documents like Confirmation Page Admit Card Score Cards etc., general
What is UMANG?, Unified Mobile Application for New-age Governance is a mobile app a Digital India initiative of the Ministry of Electronics and Information 28 Technology by the Government of India for access to Central and StateGovernment services., general
What is Digi Locker?, Digi Locker is an Indian digitization online service provided by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology Government of India under its Digital India initiative, general
How can I use UMANG Mobile Application?, You can download UMANG Mobile Application from Android Play Storeor Apple App Store. Open Mobile Application and search for National Testing Agency (NTA).Select your examination and enter the desired details.Example: Select UGC-NET – 2022 -> Enter Application Number & Date of Birth -> Download Confirmation Page., general
How can I use Digi Locker Mobile Application?, You can download Digi Locker Mobile Application from Android PlayStore or Apple App Store. Open Mobile Application and search forNational Testing Agency (NTA).Select your examination and enter the desired details.Note: The demographic information (Aadhaar Name Date of Birth and Gender) will be matched with the data filled by the candidate. On a successful match the candidate will be able to download the requested document.Example: Select UGC-NET – 2022 -> Select Year and Enter ApplicationNumber -> Download Confirmation Page, general
Will candidates receive the UGC NET result through SMS?, Candidates will get the notification of the UGC NET declaration through SMS when the result is out., general
What is the validity of the UGC NET certificate?, The UGC NET eligibility certificate for Assistant Professor is valid for a lifetime. However the JRF award letter is valid for three years from the date of issuance., general
When will the UGC NET Exam result be declared?,  The result of UGC NET 2022 will be announced by the NTA after the completion of the assessment process using the normalisation method of percentile scores.,general
What is UGC-NET December 2021 & June 2022 (merged cycle)?, The University Grants Commission (UGC) has entrusted the responsibility of conducting UGC-NET to the NTA. UGC-NET is a test being conducted to determine the eligibility for Assistant Professor only or Assistant Professor & Junior Research fellowship both in college and university, general
What is the responsibility of NTA for UGC NET exam?, The National Testing Agency (NTA) is an examination conducting body which conducts the UGC NET since December 2018 as per the relevant norms/guidelines/regulations stipulated by the University Grants Commission (UGC). The Role of NTA is confined to registration of candidates for the exam admitting them to the exam conducting the exam in the prescribed mode display of answer keys and inviting challenges thereto from interested candidates finalizing the answer keys processing the results based upon the Final Answer Key(s) and issuing the Score Card to the respective candidates online and handover the result data to UGC. The NTA also issue E- Certificate and JRF Award Letter for the Qualified candidates of UGC NET since June 2019., general
Am I required to affix my photograph on the Admit Card?,  Yes Admit Card contains a Declaration cum Undertaking regarding COVID 19. You are required to affix your photograph and left hand thumb impression at the foot of the Declaration/Undertaking and also get the signature of your parent affixed at the space provided before reaching the centre. You will be required to sign on the admit card in the presence of the Invigilator at the exam centre., general 












































