Will the NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam be conducted in ONLINE OR OFFLINE mode?, This will be computer based test and will be conducted through online mode from 2nd May to 17th May 2021., exam
What is the EXAM PATTERN for NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam?, visit https://www.jagranjosh.com/articles/ugc-net-exam-pattern-and-syllabus-1538572331-1, exam
What is the SYLLABUS for NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam?, visit https://www.jagranjosh.com/articles/ugc-net-exam-pattern-and-syllabus-1538572331-1, exam
Is there any change in the Syllabus of UGC-NET prescribed in NTA UGC NET 2021 Notification?, There are changes made in the Syllabus of UGC NET 2021 Exam. For more details candidates can get the detailed syllabus of NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam from the link https://www.jagranjosh.com/articles/nta-ugc-net-changed-exam-pattern-and-syllabus-1549869324-1, exam
Is there any NEGATIVE MARKING in the NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam?,  There is no Negative Marking in UGC NET 2021 Exam., exam
Will there be a SECTIONAL CUT-OFF in the NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam?, No there will be no sectional cut-off in the exam., exam
I have no access to a computer and no experience with Computer Based Examination. How can I prepare for the exam?, NTA will identify schools and colleges with internet and computer facilities. The same will be designated as Test Practice Centers (TPCs) for facilitating free practice sessions on every Saturday and Sunday for UGC NET 2021 aspirants. An NTA App is also available., exam
Are there negative markings in the UGC NET Exam?, No there is no negative marking in the UGC NET Exam., exam
How to prepare for the UGC NET Exam?,  If you need any assistance in UGC NET Preparation register here at Eduncle. Once you're done with the registration process Eduncle Counsellors will call you and help you with the best guidance for your exam preparation., exam
What are the best books to prepare for the UGC NET Exam?, The UGC NET Exam is conducted for 82 subjects. For the best UGC NET study material sample papers mock tests and PDF notes please visit UGC NET Study Material & Preparation Books., exam
What are the duration/timings of UGC-NET 2022?, The duration of the UGC NET Exam is 3 Hours (including both papers)., exam
What is the mode of the UGC NET Exam?, The UGC NET Exam will be conducted in Computer Based Mode (online) only., exam
When will the Examination be conducted?, Please keep visiting the NTA website for latest updates., exam
What are the exam timings?, The exam will be held for UGC-NET December 2021 & June 2022 (merged cycle) from 09:00 AM to 12:00 PM & 03:00 PM to 06:00 PM, exam
What is the mode of conducting the test? The test will be conducted in Computer Based Test (CBT) mode., exam
What is the scheme of the exam? For Scheme of examination please refer to the Information Bulletin hosted on the UGC-NETwebsite: ugcnet.nta.nic.in, exam
What is the exam fees? Category FEE, General/Unreserved Rs.1100/-Gen-EWS*/ OBC-NCL** Rs.550/-Scheduled Caste (SC) / Scheduled Tribes (ST) / Person with Disability (PwD)Rs.275/-Third gender, exam
Will I get an opportunity to view my responses the questions and the answers? Will I get an opportunity to challenge the answers in case I feel that the answer to any question is incorrect in my opinion?, Yes after the conduct of test the question paper recorded responses and provisional answer keys will be made available on theUGC-NET website. ugcnet.nta.nic.in Exact date of display would be communicated after the examination on NTA website.- Candidates who are not satisfied with the answer key may challenge by filling online application form and paying a fee of Rs 200/- (non-refundable) per answer challenged through the given window. Applications received by hand or by fax or email will not be considered. - The result will be compiled on the basis of final answer keys vetted by the subject experts. - No grievance with regard to answer key(s) after declaration of result will be entertained., exam 
Can I apply for re-checking my answers after results?, No. There shall be no re-evaluation/rechecking of result. No correspondence in this regard shall be entertained., exam 





















