Can't access your account? or forgot your password., 	At home page under candidate login click on "Forgot password? / Can't access your account? Click here". and get your login details by entering required information (Email address and Date of birth)., website
Problem in filling profile details uploading photo filling NET details or apply for NET., 	Check your internet status and retry. Maybe your internet not working properly., website	
You get message "Can't enter a future Date", Please correct your PC/Laptop/System date and retry., website	
When will the Online Application form for UGC-NET December 2021 & June 2022 (merged cycle) be available on the website?, The online link to apply online for UGC-NET December 2021 & June 2022 (merged cycle) is available between 30.04.2022 and 20.05.2022 (upto 05:00 P.M) at ugcnet.nta.nic.in, website
Schedule for correction in the Particulars in Online Application Form?, 21.05.2022 to 23.05.2022, website
What is the last date of submission of application fee?, Candidates can pay the application fee only online upto 20.05.2022 (upto 11.50 p.m.)., website
How can I select the Date and Slot of Examination?, Date/shift/slot of examination is allotted by computer randomly which is required for the normalization process. Hence the choice of date and shift/slot cannot be provided by the candidate himself/herself., website
How do I make payment of exam fee?, You can pay the exam fee online through the payment gateway using debit/credit card or internet banking., website
I made an error in filling the details in the form? How do I correct it?, You can correct the details through the correction window at ugcnet.nta.nic.in  Please keep visiting the NTA website for latest updates, website
What are the details that I can correct through the Correction Window?, You can change certain details that had earlier been filled in the Application Form through the Correction Window at ugcnet.nta.nic.in thatwill be opened after the last date of submission of Application Form. You can also upload the correct document/s through the correction window in case there was an error in the documents you had earlier uploaded. No correction can be carried out either through email or fax or letter. Please read the Information Bulletin carefully and check the NTA website for latest updates., website
How can I check the result for the UGC NET?, You can check the result for UGC NET online on the official website of the exam by logging into your registered account., website
What are the details required to download the UGC NET result and scorecard?, Candidates need to enter their application number and password or date of birth as the login details to check the UGC NET result., website 
How do I get my admit card, The admit card will be uploaded on NTA website ugcnet.nta.nic.in as per the announcement on NTA website. Candidates need to check the admit card carefully for all particulars e.g Roll No. Name Medium Date of Birth Gender Examination City/Centre Date and time of the exam Category etc., website
I have forgotten my application number. How do I get it?, On the log in screen of the portal ugcnet.nta.nic.in  click the “forgot application number” button and follow the procedure given there. You will get your application number., website
What is the process of filling the ONLINE APPLICATION FORM for NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam?, Candidates can apply to the official website of National Testing Agency (NTA) and fill the online application form there only from 2nd February to 2nd March 2021. The candidates have to pay examination fee online through the prescribed link at online application. visit https://www.jagranjosh.com/articles/nta-ugc-net-2021-registration-begins-at-ugcnet-nta-nic-in-get-direct-link-to-apply-online-for-december-2020-exam-1612334243-1, website
Can I apply for multiple subjects while filling the online application form of UGC NET 2021 Exam?, A candidate can fill the application form in only one subject. You can choose out of subjects given in the Information Bulletin (ANNEXURE-III). However filling in the Multiple Forms will cancellation of application form., website
How can I select the DATE AND SLOT of UGC NET 2021 Exam?, There is no facility for the candidates to choose the examination dates and shifts as the Selection of examination dates/shifts will be allotted by the NTA as per the availability in the four cities that you have opted for., website
If one does not get Admit Card, whom should he/she contact?, Admit cards will not be sent to candidates. These will be uploaded on website. Candidates need to download the Admit Card from the website only., website
How will one know the result of the NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam?, The result of UGC NET December 2020 will be uploaded on the website www.nta.ac.in/ www.ntanet.nic.in, as per schedule., website
Where will the NET Qualified Candidate get the E-Certificate?, NTA helps the UGC in the online conduct of the NET Examination declaration of result and issuance of UGC NET E-certificate. NTA has started issuing e-certificate to qualified candidates on behalf of UGC from June 2019 Exams. Candidates who have cleared the UGC NET June 2019 and December 2019 Exam can download the NET E-Certficate & JRF Award Letter from the link given below, website
Who releases the UGC NET e-Certificate for qualified candidates?,  NTA releases the UGC NET e-Certificates on its official website., website
How to download the NTA UGC NET admit card 2022?, 1. Go to the official website and click on the “Download Admit Card” link; 2. Enter your application number and password correctly;3. Click on the submit button and download your admit card., website
How to get a UGC NET Certificate after I clear the exam?,  The candidates who have cleared the NTA NET Exam can check the step-by-step procedure to get their certificates by visiting the following link - UGC NET e-Certificate Download Procedure., website
