In case you had already applied for UGC NET   December 2013 and you wish to apply for this session (UGC NET   June 2014) also use section    Login Section  at home page and act accordingly.
At home page under candidate login click on "Forgot password? / Can't access your account? Click here". and get your login details by entering required information (Email address and Date of birth).
Check your internet status and retry. Maybe your internet not working properly.Changes not possible after final submission of application.
Yes. But submit only one application form at examination centre.Please correct your PC/Laptop/System date and retry.
In Internet Explorer: Go to File > Page Setup;In the "Paper Options" section set Landscape.; In the "Header and Footers" section remove the text you do not wish to print.; In Mozilla Firefox: 
Go to File > Page Setup; On the "Format & Options" tab change Orientation as Landscape.; On the "Margins & Header/Footer" tab remove the text you do not wish to print.; In Google Chrome: Press Ctrl + P 
In the print preview screen change Layout as Landscape.; In the print preview screen un-check the box for "Header and Footers".
 The University Grants Commission (UGC) has entrusted the responsibility of conducting UGC-NET to the NTA. UGC-NET is a test being conducted to determine the eligibility for Assistant Professor only or Assistant Professor & Junior Research fellowship both in college and university.
 NTA has been established as a premier specialist autonomous and self-sustained testing organization to conduct entrance examination (UGC NET December 2020) for fellowship in college & University. UGC NET is a test being conducted to determine the eligibility for ‘Assistant Professor only’ OR ‘Assistant Professor & Junior Research Fellowship both’.
 Candidates who are pursuing their master’s degree or equivalent courses or candidates who have appeared for their qualifying master’s degree (Final year) examination and whose result is still awaited or candidates whose qualifying examination have been delayed can appear in the UGC NET 2021 Examination.
 Junior Research Fellowship (JRF): 31 years;Assistant Professor: No upper age limit
 General/ EWS(Including candidates waiting for their PG Final Year result or going to be appeared in the exam) : 55% aggregate in Master’s Degree or Equivalent Degree; ST/ SC/ OBC/ PWD/ Transgender(Including candidates waiting for their PG Final Year result or going to be appeared in the exam) : 50% aggregate in Master’s Degree or Equivalent Degree; Ph.D. degree 
 holders whose Master’s level examination had been completed by 19th September 1991 (irrespective of the date of declaration of result): 50% aggregate in Master’s Degree or Equivalent Degree
 Candidates can apply to the official website of National Testing Agency (NTA) and fill the online application form there only from 2nd February to 2nd March 2021. The candidates have to pay examination fee online through the prescribed link at online application. visit https://www.jagranjosh.com/articles/nta-ugc-net-2021-registration-begins-at-ugcnet-nta-nic-in-get-direct-link-to-apply-online-for-december-2020-exam-1612334243-1
 A candidate can fill the application form in only one subject. You can choose out of subjects given in the Information Bulletin (ANNEXURE-III). However filling in the Multiple Forms will cancellation of application form.
 It may be noted that Aadhaar Card is not a mandatory document for UGC NET June 2020 registrations. Candidates can free to provide any other valid Government ID number such as passport number bank account number etc.
 This will be computer based test and will be conducted through online mode from 2nd May to 17th May 2021.
 visit https://www.jagranjosh.com/articles/ugc-net-exam-pattern-and-syllabus-1538572331-1
 There are changes made in the Syllabus of UGC NET 2021 Exam. For more details candidates can get the detailed syllabus of NTA UGC NET 2021 Exam from the link https://www.jagranjosh.com/articles/nta-ugc-net-changed-exam-pattern-and-syllabus-1549869324-1
 There is no Negative Marking in UGC NET 2021 Exam. No there will be no sectional cut-off in the exam.
 The NTA holds the UGC NET Exam twice a year. The first exam - June 2020 was held in September to November 2020 and the second - December 2020 Exam will be held in May 2021 .
 The medium should be filled while applying online however in CBT. You can also choose the medium during the examination.
 NTA will identify schools and colleges with internet and computer facilities. The same will be designated as Test Practice Centers (TPCs) for facilitating free practice sessions on every Saturday and Sunday for UGC NET 2021 aspirants. An NTA App is also available.
 The candidates have to select any four cities of their choice for examination of UGC NET 2021 Paper. The efforts will be made to allot the city of examination to the candidates in order of the choice opted by them in their application form. However this is not a guarantee.
 There is no facility for the candidates to choose the examination dates and shifts as the Selection of examination dates/shifts will be allotted by the NTA as per the availability in the four cities that you have opted for.
 It is as per State Reservation Policy.The candidate is required to bring following at the examination centre (Also read the Information Bulletin carefully):- 1. Admit Card along with passport size photograph affixed on it. 2. One passport size photograph to be affixed on attendance sheet. Candidates are advised not to bring any other item at the examination centres.
 There will not be any arrangement for safe keeping of any material at the centre. Neither NTA nor centre will be responsible for any loss delay etc.
No candidate will be allowed to leave the examination hall/room before the test concludes.Admit cards will not be sent to candidates. These will be uploaded on website. Candidates need to download the Admit Card from the website only.
 The result of UGC NET December 2020 will be uploaded on the website www.nta.ac.in/ www.ntanet.nic.in as per schedule.
For Junior Research Fellowship: The validity period of the offer is three years w.e.f the date of issue of JRF Award letter. However in case the candidate who has already joined M.Phil. /Ph.D. the date of commencement of Fellowship shall be from the date of declaration of NET result or date of their joining whichever is later
Yes. Details are available on website- www.nta.ac.in. The Helpline No.- 8076535482 7703859909. E-mail: ugcnet-nta@nic.in Queries- net.nta@gmail.com.
